escape _ + minor formatting (#15127)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/diagnostics/performance-counters/index.md

## Programming the WCF Performance Counters  

>  Several files are installed in the SDK install folder so that you can access the WCF performance counters programmatically. These files are listed as follows.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Several files are installed in the SDK install folder so that you can access the WCF performance counters programmatically. These files are listed as follows:
```

  
- *\_ServiceModelEndpointPerfCounters.vrg*
- *\_ServiceModelOperationPerfCounters.vrg*
- *\_ServiceModelServicePerfCounters.vrg*  
- *\_SMSvcHostPerfCounters.vrg*
- *\_TransactionBridgePerfCounters.vrg*
  

>  For more information on how to access the counters programmatically, see [Performance Counter Programming Architecture](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=95179).  

Reviewer: This suggestion contributes to #3391

```suggestion
 For more information on how to access the counters programmatically, see [Performance Counter Programming Architecture](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/5f9bkxzf(v=vs.100)).
```
